Chapter 6: Chest or Wings? That's the Question!

I spent three years in the same class as Xie Tingting in junior high, but my first real encounter with her was one evening during fifth grade at primary school.
At that time, she didn't look particularly pretty, thin and small, sitting alone on a bench in the small park, holding a lollipop in her hand, gazing desolately at the ground. When I first saw her, I thought she was some kind of kindergarten kid.
Later, I learned that it was because her dad was busy with socializing and had no time for her, so he bought her a lollipop and told her to play in the park by herself... To dismiss a primary school girl who was about to graduate with just a lollipop, I really didn't understand what her deadbeat dad was thinking.
But she did look lonely and sad at that moment, and at that time, I was undoubtedly a kid full of justice, unwilling to see anyone in such a miserable state.
So I walked over boldly... and snatched her lollipop.
Even now, I still remember the frightened and pitiful look on her face when she looked up at me.
"Do you know who I am?" I stared at her fiercely. To be honest, I didn't know why I was so fierce... maybe because she looked too scared, which made me want to scare her even more.
"Y-you're... who?" She asked softly and timidly.
"I'm a bad person," I said. "Do you know what a bad person is?"
She quickly nodded.
"Do you want your lollipop back?" I put on a tough guy act. "If you want it back, you'll have to trade it for ten lollipops."
"I... I don't have enough money to buy so many lollipops." She was on the verge of tears.
I guess she hadn't thought about it at the time, even if she had the money, why would she need to exchange ten for one?
"If you don't have money," I smirked, "then you'll have to play with me, got it?"
She was too scared to refuse.
So I took her to play with sand, mud, slides, swings... Well, as a primary school kid about to graduate, it seemed a bit silly to be playing these things with a girl. But there was no other choice... because these things didn't cost money.
But she was having a great time.
It's just a pity that she lost the lollipop while playing.
"If you're still here tomorrow, I'll buy you another one," I said.
And the next evening, she was actually there waiting for me.
I bought her ten lollipops.
"Things that are lost must be repaid tenfold," I said... I was a bit silly back then.
So, until we parted ways, we kept eating lollipops.
And then, early on the third day, we quickly met again... at the dentist's office.
...
Xie Tingting lay on the bed unconscious, and sitting at the bedside, checking her pulse, was an older female physician with yellowing wings.
Generally, women here have white wings, but as they age, they seem to gradually turn brownish-yellow. So, solely judging by a woman's wings, you can estimate her approximate age.
"What's this..." The physician looked somewhat surprised as she felt Tingting's back.
"Is there any hope for her?" I quickly asked. After all, I didn't know the medical standards in this world. Just like in ancient times in our world, whether one died of illness was quite common. Perhaps it's the same in this world.
"She's still developing?" The physician seemed quite certain.
"Developing?" I glanced at Tingting's chest.
"Strange," the physician mumbled to herself, "girls usually start developing at four or five, and it's complete around ten... but she looks about fifteen or sixteen, why is she just starting to develop now?"
"Really? Girls start developing at four or five?" I was astonished. Although I hadn't actually measured the size of Tingting's "white rabbits" in front of her chest, every time I saw her, I couldn't help but glance at them. At least superficially, they seemed quite well-developed.
But in this world, this is just considered starting to develop? And girls here can be fully developed at ten?
I began to imagine those Lolita-like girls with youthful faces and well-developed chests, and almost had a nosebleed... Wait, no, I also saw some little girls flying around with wings these days, but it seems they haven't reached a noticeable stage of chest development yet?
"What are you looking at?" Zhang Lian noticed I had been staring at Tingting's chest and glared at me fiercely.
The physician turned Tingting over and lifted up her shirt. It was then I noticed that there were two egg-sized tumors growing on Tingting's back, which startled me.
"Could she be...?"
"Yeah, she's growing wings."
Wings? Zhang Lian and I widened our eyes.
"So, it's not about growing a chest, it's about growing wings?" I couldn't help but ask.
"Why do you look so disappointed?" Zhang Lian looked at me with disdain.
Uh...
"But, why is she growing wings?" I quickly changed the subject. "Is it adapting to local customs? Zhang Lian, have you started growing..."
"Hey, where are you touching?" She glared at me fiercely.
I coughed awkwardly, embarrassed, and withdrew my hand, but I couldn't help but recall what the 'Little Angel' had said... "Don't worry about Mom, she's just growing."
Who exactly is that little girl?
The physician reported the diagnosis to Fu Changshi, who also seemed quite surprised. From their conversation, I learned that it's normal for girls to have a fever when growing wings. The physician took out some powder and instructed Zhang Lian to feed it to Tingting with water, and she confidently stated that Tingting was not in any life-threatening danger, which relieved me."
"Fu Changshi paced a few steps, then turned to look at me. 'You said that once this girl is cured, you'll reveal all the truth. Well, you can say it now.'
'The truth is,' I wanted to laugh so badly, 'they're not ladyboys.'
Fu Changshi glared at me fiercely, as if he wanted to tear me apart into a thousand pieces. But I didn't care, as long as I knew that Tingting wasn't in any danger, he could do whatever he wanted to me... Although, Tingting was soon going to become a flying Tingting, which surprised me a bit.
Fu Changshi continued to glare at me, but I could tell he was in a quandary, not knowing what to do with the three of us. Although the evidence was not sufficient, he had already concluded in his mind that Zhang Lian and Tingting were 'night demon women,' he just wanted to understand why these two 'night demon women' risked being burned to death to come here.
But now, at least Tingting was not some 'ladyboy,' this sudden change began to give him a headache.
I think if I were him, I would feel the same headache.
'If you don't know what to do with us, I have a suggestion.' I looked earnestly at Fu Changshi.
He gave me a cold look.
'You're neither sure of our intentions nor willing to let us go,' I smiled, 'so why not give me a job? That way, it's convenient for you to keep an eye on us, and I can earn money to support them... You wouldn't want us to starve here, would you? Then you'll never find out our true intentions.'
'Give you a job?' Fu Changshi raised an eyebrow. 'What can you do? You spent the whole day yesterday squatting on West Street, as if you couldn't find any work, right? No skills, no strength, there have been foreigners from the Exotic Seas appearing here before, but none seemed as useless as you.'
'Is that so?' I sneered, 'then why did you tamper behind the scenes? If I'm really as useless as you say, what are you afraid of?'
Fu Changshi glanced at me, seeming to forcibly suppress his anger. In the end, he didn't say whether he was really willing to find me a job, and just walked away with his hands behind his back. I felt he intended to let his slightly throbbing head cool down first, so I didn't blame him. I decided to give him some time to think... Of course, these matters were never entirely up to me.
Perhaps because of the packet of powdered medicine the physician fed Tingting, just as the sky was beginning to brighten, Tingting woke up.
'Senior, what's wrong with me?' she asked weakly.
'The doctor said you're developing.'
'Developing?' Her eyes widened, and she looked down at her own chest..."