Chapter 7: Mythical Beast?!


After Xie Tingting woke up, I questioned her carefully, but she couldn't figure out why she was able to play the ethereal melody "Love Sky" in that palace, as she had never heard of the song title "Love Sky" before. Her only memory was that some kind of sound seemed to invade her mind at that time, and then she became dazed.
I relayed her words to Fu Changshi, although I didn't expect him to believe. However, Fu Changshi just nodded, looking completely unsurprised.
"Musicians who play 'Love Sky' will enter a hypnotic state where they cannot control themselves," he said lightly, "The reason it's called an ethereal melody is not just because of its enchanting tune, but also because it is comprehended by the musician through a sympathetic resonance with heaven, earth, and nature, and it cannot be learned from others or taught to anyone else. In fact, that was the first time I heard this piece of music. If it weren't for Prince Jinge and Teacher Chenzi being present at the time, I wouldn't have known that the girl was playing 'Love Sky'."
I felt he was hiding something, but I didn't press further.
Fu Changshi did give me a job, though. It was a job tending to wild beasts, where I had to deal with all sorts of strange creatures in the zoo every day. Some of these beasts I recognized, like tigers, wolves, and bears, but most of them I had never even heard of before, like the horse-headed men, the winged ones, the leopard-bodied ones with bull ears and extremely long tails, or the ones that looked very much like pigs but had two pig heads and tails each.
Amu said some of these animals (were these strange things even considered animals?) were raised for meat, while others were kept as mounts. Speaking of which, I did see quite a few male soldiers riding these strange beasts, looking imposing, but I never saw female warriors riding mounts. Maybe they simply didn't need to... this world is just too unfair. Why should women be able to fly around while men can't?
However, those being tended to in the zoo were only the most common mounts, and truly high-level mounts wouldn't appear here. For example, legendary creatures like dragons, phoenixes, and nine infants, which were classified as mythical beasts, were hard to come by. Ordinary people could hardly even catch a glimpse of them, as mythical beasts only obeyed the commands of a single master, and only brave warriors capable of communicating with them mentally had the chance to become their masters.
"Do you know why this place is called Phoenix City?" Amu said, "That's because there used to be a phoenix here. Over a hundred years ago, Prince Mu Hua of Fire entered the Feiyi Forest and subdued a phoenix. He led that phoenix to achieve great feats on the battlefield and was eventually crowned Phoenix King, and this stone city was his capital. Unfortunately, after Prince Mu Hua died, his bloodline was completely cut off, and the phoenix, having lost its master, also died from loss of spirit."
"If the bloodline of the Phoenix King hadn't been cut off, would the phoenix have stayed here forever, even after its original master died?"
"If the master unfortunately dies, generally speaking, mythical beasts will choose a new master from his descendants until the master's bloodline is completely severed. However, if the original master's bloodline is completely cut off, the mythical beast will also be unable to survive," Amu said, "As for the reasons behind this, I'm not very clear. I've heard that it's because when a mythical beast pledges allegiance to its master, its life becomes linked to the master's bloodline through a blood oath, but it's just hearsay, after all, I've never seen a real mythical beast."
Amu was a slave in the zoo.
According to him, his father was originally a merchant who was caught and executed for smuggling prohibited goods out of the Great Hao Empire to make a fortune, and he was also implicated and became a slave.
However, the Great Hao Empire was not actually a slave state. He said that as long as he served as a slave for ten years, he would automatically be freed and become a commoner, and he would be allotted a small piece of land.
"I could also choose to join the army, as long as I enlist, I can immediately be freed from slavery," he scratched his head, "But the risk is too great. I heard that the Night Demon Clan of the Pimala Marsh, the Garuda Clan of the Feiyi Forest, and the wandering Bear People Clan have begun to rebuild the Demon Clan Alliance, and they could cross the Chaos Water to attack Haodou at any time. I don't want to be sent as cannon fodder by those nobles."
"How can you think like that?" I lectured him righteously, "Don't you know the saying 'When a country is in danger, everyone has a responsibility...'"
"I only know that when the Night Demon Clan and the Garuda Clan broke through the siege of Phoenix City, none of those big shots in the imperial capital dared to take the risk to save Phoenix City," Amu said bitterly, "It was those demon clans that killed my mother. If my father hadn't happened to take me as a baby to the countryside to see my grandfather, I might have died long ago."
I could only stay silent.
If he knew I was living with two girls who might be "transgender," I wonder if he would resent me?
Although Amu was several years older than me, he was very good to me. When I first arrived at the zoo, I didn't know anything, and it was all thanks to his patient teaching that I slowly became competent in my work.
I didn't want to lose him as a friend.
I also asked him about the ethereal melody "Love Sky," but he just looked at me blankly: "What is that?"
I guess not everyone knows about the Seven Ethereal Melodies, just like in my previous world, ordinary people wouldn't know about the Three Tenors or the Grammy Awards.
That morning, in the training ground on the east side of the zoo, three Winged Ones drugged were fighting desperately. One of them had its belly torn open, blood flowing profusely. The manager of the zoo was accompanying a general, watching with great interest.
Amu said the general was selecting his mount, and only the Winged One that survived would be chosen by him.
"Isn't this a bit cruel?" I asked. Wasn't there an animal protection organization here?
"I also thought it was cruel at first," Amu said, "but you get used to it after seeing it a lot. After all, mythical beasts are rare, and the army can only select mounts from these tamed beasts. Generals of this level naturally want their mounts to be stronger than others."
But did they have to keep them in cages and let them fight to the death?
I couldn't bear to watch, so I made an excuse and left.
As I walked down the road, I thought I heard someone calling out "Hey, hey, hey," looking around, but I didn't see anyone. Then I remembered that women in this world could fly in the sky (
which I still wasn't used to), so I quickly looked up.
Sure enough, two women flew down from the sky, one of them glaring at me: "Are you deaf?"
Both of these women were wearing leather armor and trousers, with their hands and calves exposed. Their wings were dusty and not as white as they should be. One of them had a thin sword at her waist, while the other had a short bow and arrows on her back.
"Do you work in the zoo?" the woman with the sword at her waist, who seemed older, asked. Her ample chest was supported by the armor, revealing two enticing snowballs, "I have something to ask you."
At this point, Amu also caught up, seeing the two women, he quickly greeted, "Miss Luo, Miss Xuelai, what can I do for you?"
The woman with the sword at her waist looked at Amu, seeming somewhat familiar yet unfamiliar, and the one behind her, Xuelai, reminded her, "We caught some Chimeras last time for sale, and it was this person who greeted us."
Miss Luo nodded.
And I also realized that these two women were the beast hunters Amu had mentioned before—a profession that made money by capturing and hunting mythical beasts or powerful wild beasts.
"We caught a wild beast yesterday," Miss Luo said, "and we need someone to help us identify what it is." Amu exclaimed in surprise, "There's still a beast that Miss Luo and Miss Xuelai don't recognize?" His expression was like that of a fisherman who was amazed to see someone who couldn't tell the difference between a goldfish and a shark. Miss Luo coughed lightly, looking somewhat embarrassed, "The creature looks strange, with long ears and long teeth. I've never seen it before, and there's no record of it in any atlas. Who would know what it is?" "Where is this creature?" Amu also became excited. And I tactfully stepped aside... If it weren't for Amu's guidance, I wouldn't recognize at least half of the beasts in the zoo. "Wait a minute." The two women turned to look, and before long, a big man as strong as a mountain came running over, complaining as he ran, "You two flew too fast, couldn't you slow down?" The giant figure of this man was too overwhelming, casting a shadow on me and making it hard for me to breathe. I thought, could this big man be the "wild beast" they were talking about? Then I noticed that he was carrying a cage in his hands. "Look, what kind of animal is this," Miss Luo pointed to the white creature in the cage, "We found it in the Huoyun Valley. When we went there, we intended to catch a Qilin, but when we got there, we found wreckage everywhere, as if a bunch of wild beasts had fought there. In the end, we only found this injured little thing, and we don't know where the Qilin went." "This kind of animal..." Amu carefully examined the weak little creature in the cage, "I've never seen it before either." "Even the people in the zoo don't recognize it?" Miss Luo looked somewhat regretful and excited, "Then it must be a mythical beast that appears once in a thousand years. Don't be fooled by its small appearance; some mythical beasts are like this. They may look useless, but when they unleash their power, they are incredibly powerful. I think this one is probably..."
"Wait a minute, I recognize this creature." I suddenly jumped out.
"You recognize it?" They looked at me in surprise. Especially Amu, who usually knew how much I had.
It couldn't be wrong! I looked at the little creature in the cage, with its long ears, red eyes, two protruding front teeth, and a timid and panicked look. I said, "It's... a rabbit!"